overlay on top of craigslist apartment finder to make it more usable
	draw a query location
	click like / don't like apartment
	reorder a list on the right as you do
	we read the postings you browse
	look at the pictures
	figure out which ones you like
	it's a browser plugin.
	it's netscape. but you need a fast local gpu.
	drive the next generation of hardware
	it's a lean linux manufacturer
	who can rewrite the keyboard and mouse
	how do you really want to use this thing?	
	we're generating this deluge of content.  there are all these ways that people are putting out things you can pay attention to. 
	you need customizable, plug in consumer interfaces


	craigslist, if you give me access to your user's browsing history, i'll give you that reordering list.  i won't charge you anything. i've just got apolcalypse blues and i'm bored of watching netflix.

	facebook, you give me access to your feed and i'll build you the ultimate diary builder.  tell us the story of your life.

	but first up, 

	https://boulder.craigslist.org/apa/d/boulder-room-avail-in-multilevel-2br/7059802636.html

	how can i most efficiently find the place i'm looking for?


	could i write a browser plugin which would run models againts content and keep around the vectors or be able to regenerate them in real time?

	each page has words and images and videos, each of which gets an embedding vector.
	then you aggregate those along the DOM tree. each page gets a summary vector.  so now you've got summary vectors on each page, each of which can be aggregated across various cross sections which are made more or less apparent in the ui.  recommend summary vectors to you by news source.  or via BigBillsTransformer, or LeftAggregator.  You can follow anyone's recommender vectors which are created by what they do and don't thumbsup.


	Our rec engine can highlight sections of an article for you.  

	Add vectors for NER (big/sparse), Entity Types (medium/sparse), 

	Make a recommendation for which recommender to handle each object type.

	Overall Output score 	

	It's for news recommendation but it should also help me handle my apartment search.
	Or product search.  
		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8idr1WZ1A7Q
		it should be able to read the website and recommend this


	the ML operating system: make available vectors.  easily train models on top of those vectors.

	vectorizor

	surfacing ideas

	models and translator layers between them.
	solves cold start because you can translate from other people


	-----

	url cache - url -> model id + model vector
	url + subelement
	need universal way of uniquely describing each element including words 
	dangle vectors on every object
	translate between them.  
		'oh, i have small model (ie. a matrix multiply) that knows how to interpret vectors from WellKnownModelA' for my current task
		browser plugin + web crawl to recommend *anything*
	also need to cache the actual content so that your crawl of the content can be matched against whatever's actually there.  cheap enough for html.  what do you do for videos?  images?  just store a hash?  
	queries:
		show me all models that have crawled this page. 
			by content type:
				text / html
				images
				videos
			sub by task:
				text / html
					sentiment
					product search
					k/v
				images
					classification
						generic
						specific
						maybe find+extend a canonical hierarchy of classes
					segmentation
					OCR
				videos
					same as images?
					include voice transcription
		highlight this page for some particular intent?
		this is too diffuse.  what's the use case?


